Turn 0, Speaker 1: Hi, Ivy.
Turn 1, Speaker 2: Hi, Carrie, how are you today?
Turn 2, Speaker 1: I'm very well, thank you and you?
Turn 3, Speaker 2: I'm very well thank you for asking, and how was your day today?
Turn 4, Speaker 1: It was very good uh most of my day I uh spent hmm studying. But afterwards, I saw a friend that I haven't seen for a while, so that was very good, and yours?
Turn 5, Speaker 2: It was great, I I did a lot of stuff, I cleaned the house um. I went to the grocery store for garbage, yeah. So today we are going to talk about traveling. Do you like to travel?
Turn 6, Speaker 1: I love traveling.
Turn 7, Speaker 2: How often do you travel?
Turn 8, Speaker 1: I like to go e- every year I like to go on um a trip uh, to another country. And to visit like the all the cities and villages that are the the countries famous for. And also I like to go skiing and uh to go on on a vocation. To the beach or something like that to the sea, how about you?
Turn 9, Speaker 2: Uh not recently, but um, I just went to the to Croatia, on ten days. And that was very, very nice.
Turn 10, Speaker 1: Have you ever been before to Croatian um sea, I think that's Adriatic Sea, is I right?
Turn 11, Speaker 2: Yes, that's correct, um yes, I've been to Croatia many many years ago um to far with my best friend. And we stayed for like two weeks and it was it was beautiful, the the smell of the sea, the people. The food um and just the temperature of a sea, I like to swim a lot.
Turn 12, Speaker 1: Yeah, I think um, since we are from America, but uh. Usually people don't travel to Europe as much, uh but I prefer going to Europe, because it's much different than America. I think the cities are uh the cities have different atmosphere. They're hmm especially when when there is sea in the city, and the beaches. I think the the atmosphere is really nice and people are more relaxed and uh completely different than us.
Turn 13, Speaker 2: Yeah, because we do we do have the cold ocean. So you can really swim in the ocean and it's always windy in the beaches.
Turn 14, Speaker 1: Yeah, and and uh I mean I'm pretty scared of sharks, so I don't just like. Go swimming, you know, far away in the sea, I just, you know dip my toes.
Turn 15, Speaker 2: Have you ever been abroad?
Turn 16, Speaker 1: Yeah, as I said, so I went to Europe a lot, and of course um to a lot of places in America. But Europe, I I prefer Europe.
Turn 17, Speaker 2: Yeah, through traveling abroad, I like Europe, I like the cities over there. Germany, um, England, Italy.
Turn 18, Speaker 1: Yeah, France, have you been to France?
Turn 19, Speaker 2: I've been to France. But yeah, I like European cities a lot, the people are more different than in America. I think they're more open and kinder.
Turn 20, Speaker 1: Have you ever been to Spain?
Turn 21, Speaker 2: I've been to Spain, yes it's it's beautiful, I've been to Madrid. I've been there for I think only four days. But the city is just amazing, have you been to Spain?
Turn 22, Speaker 1: Yeah actually uh hmm this year I've been to Spain too. I visited the whole Andalusia and so we visited uh like seven cities. And we also went to the to the beaches and we saw the countryside and we met a lot of people and I think. Uh Spain is uh like my. Like a a place, I would very much love to live in and uh and did you like Madrid?
Turn 23, Speaker 2: I did, I liked the language and the food and the people and the music.
Turn 24, Speaker 1: You know pretty much everything. And I'm also studying Spanish, so I think that was like. Yeah, it was like a good experience for for my hmm Spanish s- speaking skills. So, Ivy, are you planning to go anywhere for your next holiday?
Turn 25, Speaker 2: No, not yet, I would I just came back, but um I would like to go somewhere skiing. I haven't been somewhere since in wintertime. Big Bear, I've been to Big Bear. But that's that's just in LA, it's not nothing abroad. I would like to go to France to ski.
Turn 26, Speaker 1: Yeah, they say skiing is good in France.
Turn 27, Speaker 2: They have the long. Are you going, are you planning to go anywhere?
Turn 28, Speaker 1: Hmm we are actually planning um to go. To South America, we're we haven't started planning our trip yet, but um. We would like that a lot, uh I would love to visit all the countries. And uh my boyfriend is also interested in that, and uh we were planning on staying for like a month. And we can just organize our trip on our own, would you ever travel to South America?
Turn 29, Speaker 2: I would I would like to to see that, um but I've been to Brazil. So and Argentina. So that was pretty cool.
Turn 30, Speaker 1: How about Peru?
Turn 31, Speaker 2: I would love to see Peru, the tropical um trees over there. But it's very hot I think. Hot as as a climate.
Turn 32, Speaker 1: I don't know I haven't been. Learning about Peru yet, but.
Turn 33, Speaker 2: What was your best trip?
Turn 34, Speaker 1: My best trip well, I had a Eur- like a European. I traveled through whole Europe and uh my first uh destination was Portugal. And I went to Lisbon in Porto. And in Lisbon, it was so good, we met a lot of fun people, interesting people that we're still in touch with. And my friend. Yeah, I traveled with my best friend.
Turn 35, Speaker 2: That's even nicer.
Turn 36, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, it's better than with a boyfriend I think, I mean it's so it's.
Turn 37, Speaker 2: It's different.
Turn 38, Speaker 1: Kidding, and it's good, everything is good, I mean uh when you're traveling, everything is really good. But this was our first uh first location, so. Uh we were kind of overwhelmed with the with the feeling of being in Europe so uh. It was like awesome.
Turn 39, Speaker 2: That was nice, yeah, that was the first trip, the first trips are always the best.
Turn 40, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, first trip abroad, I mean hmm when you never seen Europe. That's different. Different than than where we live at, and what was your best trip?
Turn 41, Speaker 2: Oh I have a couple of them. I would say Thailand Bangkok was my favorite trip. It's just that it's so cheap. And um the people over there were nice, ah the food I love Tai food, so that was amazing. Um and just the city as as Bangkok, it it's it's the city that never sleeps. So that was my um my first choice, the second choice I would say it was Vietnam. Also Vietnamese food, but those little boats that you have they are like street markets. And they just sell food.
Turn 42, Speaker 1: Yeah, I heard that they have floating villages and. That's so cool, I've never seen that.
Turn 43, Speaker 2: Couple of times, yeah that was very exotic, the sea.
Turn 44, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, ocean, yeah.
Turn 45, Speaker 2: And those just tropical flowers, um the water the color of the water is just so pure blue. I've never seen that in my entire life, um, the beaches are really nice, the sand is so soft.
Turn 46, Speaker 1: Have you have you seen sharks?
Turn 47, Speaker 2: I swam with the shark.
Turn 48, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, well, I would be pretty scare to to swim with the sharks, I mean, even if they e- only eat plants, I mean it's. And maybe you can tell me about your worst trip. Do you have a worse trip?
Turn 49, Speaker 2: I don't have a worse trip, do you have a worse trip, I don't know if anyone can have a worse trip.
Turn 50, Speaker 1: I think you can think of something.
Turn 51, Speaker 2: Yeah, I was a kid and um I I was like twelve years old and I was in Hungary. And my mom and I were on a train, and we were late of course as always late for train. And I got in the train first because we were running and the train was leaving and I.
Turn 52, Speaker 1: Was your mother left behind?
Turn 53, Speaker 2: She was left behind and I was alone in the train without any phone or food or anything. I was terrified and I was only twelve.
Turn 54, Speaker 1: That was scary, what did you do?
Turn 55, Speaker 2: Well I just continue traveling with the train that it's going in the totally different direction than we were supposed to go. Because of course we ended up in the wrong train. But she found me after six hours I. A guy who works in the train, he told me that my mom finally got the phone to reach me and. I was left at the s- train station for like couple of hours until she got me. And I went real really far. Really far, yeah.
Turn 56, Speaker 1: That's horrible.
Turn 57, Speaker 2: Do you plan your holidays by yourself?
Turn 58, Speaker 1: Uh yes, yes, I do, I I don't like to to use a travel agency. Because I think I mean, every person likes different things and I just. Well, actually, I don't plan it myself, my boyfriend plans it, but he knows what I like, so that's pretty much the same. And uh it's it's easier you find cheaper things you uh cheaper places to stay cheaper. Plane tickets or whatever transportation tickets. Uh and do you see the things that you wanna see and you don't see the things that are boring to you or d- don't interest you? Yeah, and sometimes you know the travel guides there, um, I mean, there are people like we all are so. Sometimes they can be a bit you know, boring or annoying or not your kind of person. And do you plan your holidays yourself or do you use a travel agency?
Turn 59, Speaker 2: I use travel agency or sometimes by myself like in the last few years. But until now I was always using a travel agency, they have that packages that you just buy and that's it.
Turn 60, Speaker 1: Yeah, oh that's easier, I think I mean, but. We like to organize our stuff and I'm very good at organizing, and my boyfriend is very good at investing what to see and. And um tell me, have you ever been on a on a ship on a cruise ship or?
Turn 61, Speaker 2: Like those big cruise ship? No, I've never been to those. I always kind of wondered how it's it is like, but. I don't know if I would like to be on a sea for that long, I I kind of do feel scared about that art.
Turn 62, Speaker 1: Kind of scary when you think about it like that.
Turn 63, Speaker 2: Have you been on cruise ship?
Turn 64, Speaker 1: No, no, I haven't, but uh my mom was, and she was very seasick. She she had her troubles all the time, and also my aunt, so I mean. I've just heard of stories and I think if we have the same blood, uh it would not be a good idea for me to. To go on a ship, but I'm not very interested in it either, so. That's okay.
Turn 65, Speaker 2: Have you ever been on a plane?
Turn 66, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah yeah, I have.
Turn 67, Speaker 2: Do you know how many times?
Turn 68, Speaker 1: No, I mean a lot, um I don't count it. And uh have you ever hmm hitchhiked?
Turn 69, Speaker 2: No, I I never did that.
Turn 70, Speaker 1: What do you think about that? Would you dare?
Turn 71, Speaker 2: Hmm it depends where I am.
Turn 72, Speaker 1: Where would you dare?
Turn 73, Speaker 2: Maybe in Texas. I've never been to Texas, actually, I did, I went to Houston. But I wouldn't dare to do that, it's kind of scary, you never know who can pick you up.
Turn 74, Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean you're a girl we're girls and. It's even it's even kind of scary to me to think about that, just you know, staying like like. Walking on the side of the road and just waiting for some you know, trucker to pick you up. And you know to think about what's where are you going to go next and what are you, are you going to. You know, make it there where you wanted to go.
Turn 75, Speaker 2: That's why it's scary. It's scary for everybody but especially for women. I wouldn't, I wouldn't suggest for anyone to do that.
Turn 76, Speaker 1: Not now, but before like years ago, when our parents were you know, traveling. I think it was uh much much more common to a hitchhike.
Turn 77, Speaker 2: Yeah, the those were seventies. We're doing that a lot.
Turn 78, Speaker 1: I mean, there was no other way to travel, I I suppose, or it was a lot more expensive.
Turn 79, Speaker 2: I don't know. Do you prefer to travel alone or in a group?
Turn 80, Speaker 1: Well, in a group, I prefer traveling in a group because. I mean, I've never traveled alone and I don't even have. I need to travel alone, I mean, I like to I like to have fun with my friends. While traveling or with my boyfriend or whoever. I I wouldn't like to go alone, I mean. I think it would be kind of scary, what do you think?
Turn 81, Speaker 2: I don't know. I like I like um traveling in a group, I think it's more fun you have someone to talk to that, you know. But I don't like big groups of traveling. Have you ever got lost while in travel?
Turn 82, Speaker 1: Yeah, I have I have gotten lost, um a lot of people because I have that uh way of traveling. So when we go to a city we usually just visit, you know, like the most famous hmm places. Like some uh buildings and some sculptures and whatever, landmarks. But after that, after we see everything that's uh that's important to see in the city. I like to feel the atmosphere of that city, so that we would always just like walk and see uh. When we were on a, uh when we can turn right or left, we just choose where we think it's better. And then we just walk walk walk and so we can always buy internet. When we wanna go home, we can just find our home, you know. But we usually just get lost in the city and then.
Turn 83, Speaker 2: Do you prefer summer holidays or winter holidays?
Turn 84, Speaker 1: I prefer summer holidays. Hmm yeah, but I s- I also like winter holidays, how about you?
Turn 85, Speaker 2: I've been two times to Big Bear, um but I prefer some of holidays, I like summer more than winter.
Turn 86, Speaker 1: Yeah, I don't like I don't like it when it's cold either.
Turn 87, Speaker 2: Do you always try local cuisine while you're on traveling?
Turn 88, Speaker 1: I I do try it, but I don't always like it, so I usually just, you know. Actually, I usually just try it from my boyfriend's plate. And then I just decide if I I do like it or or not and he eats everything, so that's okay.
Turn 89, Speaker 2: I like local cuisine. Especially like Asia, I like Asian food, that's great.
Turn 90, Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah well, that was a good talk, thank you, Ivy.
